README.md, before:

# Minecraft Death Swap

---

View on [Spigot](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/death-swap.109401/) •
Inspired by [Dream](https://www.youtube.com/@dream) •
Download [here](https://github.com/Matistan/MinecraftDeathSwap/releases)

---

> **Having issues?** Feel free to report them on the [Issues tab](https://github.com/Matistan/MinecraftDeathSwap/issues). I'll be glad to hear your opinion about the plugin as well as extra features you would like me to add!

## Welcome to readme!

Hi! I just want to thank you for your interest in this plugin. I put a lot of effort into this project and I would really love someone to use it!

### Minecraft version

This plugin runs on a Minecraft version 1.16+.

## What is Death Swap?

Death Swap is a mini-game where after 5 minutes every player teleports to someone else. The goal is to kill someone after a teleportation.

## How to use it

- drag the .jar file from the [Release tab](https://github.com/Matistan/MinecraftDeathSwap/releases) to your plugins folder on your server.
- select players to your game using `/deathswap add` command
- type `/deathswap start` to start the match!

## Commands

- `/deathswap add <player> ` - adds a player
- `/deathswap remove <player> ` - removes a player
- `/deathswap start` - starts a game
- `/deathswap reset` - resets a game
- `/deathswap list` - shows a list of players in a death swap game
- `/deathswap help` - shows a list of death swap commands

### Bugs & Issues

> **Having issues?** Feel free to report them on the [Issues tab](https://github.com/Matistan/MinecraftDeathSwap/issues). I'll be glad to hear your opinion about the plugin as well as extra features you would like me to add!


Made by [Matistan](https://github.com/Matistan)

Commit message:

added permission support for all commands

README.md, after:

# Minecraft Death Swap

---

View on [Spigot](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/death-swap.109401/) •
Inspired by [Dream](https://www.youtube.com/@dream) •
Download [here](https://github.com/Matistan/MinecraftDeathSwap/releases)

---

> **Having issues?** Feel free to report them on the [Issues tab](https://github.com/Matistan/MinecraftDeathSwap/issues). I'll be glad to hear your opinion about the plugin as well as extra features you would like me to add!

## Welcome to readme!

Hi! I just want to thank you for your interest in this plugin. I put a lot of effort into this project and I would really love someone to use it!

### Minecraft version

This plugin runs on a Minecraft version 1.16+.

## What is Death Swap?

Death Swap is a mini-game where after 5 minutes every player teleports to someone else. The goal is to kill someone after a teleportation.

## How to use it

- drag the .jar file from the [Release tab](https://github.com/Matistan/MinecraftDeathSwap/releases) to your plugins folder on your server.
- select players to your game using `/deathswap add` command
- type `/deathswap start` to start the match!

## Commands

- `/deathswap add <player> ` - adds a player
- `/deathswap remove <player> ` - removes a player
- `/deathswap start` - starts a game
- `/deathswap reset` - resets a game
- `/deathswap list` - shows a list of players in a death swap game
- `/deathswap help` - shows a list of death swap commands

## Permissions

If `usePermissions` is set to `true` in the `config.yml` file, players without ops will need the following permissions to use the commands:

| Permission          | Description                                               |
|---------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| deathswap.deathswap | Allows the player to use all `/deathswap` commands.       |
| deathswap.add       | Allows the player to use the `/deathswap add` command.    |
| deathswap.remove    | Allows the player to use the `/deathswap remove` command. |
| deathswap.start     | Allows the player to use the `/deathswap start` command.  |
| deathswap.reset     | Allows the player to use the `/deathswap reset` command.  |
| deathswap.list      | Allows the player to use the `/deathswap list` command.   |
| deathswap.help      | Allows the player to use the `/deathswap help` command.   |

### Bugs & Issues

> **Having issues?** Feel free to report them on the [Issues tab](https://github.com/Matistan/MinecraftDeathSwap/issues). I'll be glad to hear your opinion about the plugin as well as extra features you would like me to add!


Made by [Matistan](https://github.com/Matistan)
